Personal Interest:
I am interested in articles discussing the technical capabilities of generative artificial intelligence and smart home automation platforms (like Home Assistant).
I am interested in articles discussing policies and regulations related to artificial intelligence.
I am interested in articles discussing major, novel news related to track running, road running, trail running, long-distance hiking, and wild-camping.
I am interested in articles discussing major national and international running events (e.g., race results, runner performances, and route logistics).
I am interested in articles discussing minor, local running events taking place in Greater Glasgow, East Dunbartonshire, West Dunbartonshire, Lanarkshire, or Renfrewshire.
I am interested in articles discussing all scientific developments in the fields of Physics, Astronomy, Astrophysics, Earth Science, Archaeology, and Anthropology.
I am interested in practical viewing guides for astronomical events (like eclipses or meteor showers) ONLY IF the viewing location includes Glasgow.
I am interested in articles discussing the award of new Nobel prizes in all fields of Science.
I am interested in articles discussing scientific discoveries related to earthquakes, volcanoes, tsunamis, landslides, tornadoes, and hurricanes.
I am interested in articles discussing the very first reports of a new natural disaster occurring somewhere in the world
I am interested in articles discussing major developments in ongoing natural disasters that significantly increases the urgency of the situation.
I am interested in articles discussing wearable technology, Garmin watches, and the "quantified self" movement.
I am interested in articles discussing Lipoprotein(a).
I am interested in articles discussing major educational policy changes or news specifically impacting independent secondary schools in Scotland.
I am interested in articles related to classic science fiction television (e.g., Star Trek, Stargate, Quantum Leap, Babylon 5) and disaster movies.
I am interested in articles discussing developments related to Scottish and UK-wide Science policies.

NON-INTERESTS:
I am not interested in administrative, bureaucratic, or bidding news regarding sporting events, athletic governing bodies, or sports venues.
I am not interested in practical viewing guides for astronomical events located outside of Scotland.
I am not interested in articles discussing human-interest and human-centric stories related to artificial intelligence.
I am not interested in articles discussing business-related aspects of artificial intelligence.
I am not interested in articles discussing members of the public taking part in running events to raise money for charity.
I am not interested in articles discussing minor, local running events taking place outside of Greater Glasgow, East Dunbartonshire, West Dunbartonshire, Lanarkshire, and Renfrewshire UNLESS the article is discussing something sufficiently novel or unusual that would interest all members of the running community all across the country.
I am not interested in competitive team sports.
I am not interested in celebrity-culture, high-brow art, or high-brow literature.
I am not interested in articles discussing scientific developments in the fields of Chemistry, Biology, and Psychology UNLESS the developments are sufficiently important that a Nobel prize might be awarded for the work at some point in the future.
I am not interested in articles discussing minor developments in established, ongoing natural disasters that do not significantly change the urgency of the situation.
